Start from the Guided Workflow menu when you want guardrails, prompts, and a repeatable best-practice flow.
Begin by confirming the database topology, role, storage, cluster state, and selected PDB.
Run health checks before the drill so the starting state is clean and the evidence has a baseline.
Use the menu reports to review backup posture, FRA usage, MAA readiness, and recoverability before choosing a scenario.
Choose a scenario and let CrashSimulator verify whether it is runnable in the current topology.
Dry-run first. Inspect target selection, expected impact, recovery commands, and rollback evidence before any execution.
Run protection from the menu so RMAN captures the exact target and the current control file before the failure.
Execute only after the dry-run, runbook, health check, and protection evidence are complete.
Use the Guided Workflow recovery option and provide the manifest created during execution.
Finish the drill by validating database health and preserving logs, reports, manifests, and HTML evidence.